adds section on parameters with links to spreadsheet (#349)
openrails/openrails: Source/Documentation/Manual/developing.rst

+------------------------------+-----------------------------+
| activity                     |        act                  |
+------------------------------+-----------------------------+
| cab view                     |        cvf                  |
+------------------------------+-----------------------------+
| consist                      |        con                  |
+------------------------------+-----------------------------+
| train service                |        srv                  |
+------------------------------+-----------------------------+
| train traffic                |        trf                  |
+------------------------------+-----------------------------+
| signal configuration         |        sigcfg.dat           |
+------------------------------+-----------------------------+
| signal scripts               |        sigscr.dat           |
+------------------------------+-----------------------------+
| sound management             |        sms                  |
+------------------------------+-----------------------------+
| train timetable              |        timetable-or         |
+------------------------------+-----------------------------+

> The complete list is very extensive and is documented in `an on-line spreadsheet at http://tinyurl.com/or-parameters-excel
> <http://tinyurl.com/or-parameters-excel>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The complete list is very extensive and is documented in an online spreadsheet at `tinyurl.com/or-parameters-excel
<https://tinyurl.com/or-parameters-excel>`_.
```
This link could be cleaner (and should use HTTPS).
